Update `CONTRIBUTING.md` to document `ModuleNotFoundError` and translations failing (#408)
LilyFirefly/django-rusty-templates: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Running tests

### Python tests with pytest
To run the Python tests, build Django Rusty Templates in develop mode with maturin and then run pytest.
Each change in rust needs a new execution of maturin develop.
```bash
$ maturin develop
$ pytest
```

> If translation tests are failing, make sure that you have compiled django translations by running `django-admin compilemessages` in `tests/` directory.

Reviewer: We could maybe add a `bootstrap` receipe in the justfile to do that (and maybe other stuff)?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, good idea!

Author: I have tried to start it here https://github.com/LilyFirefly/django-rusty-templates/pull/411

export PYTHONPATH=/path/to/venv/lib/python3.x/site-packages
```

> You might also get a `ModuleNotFoundError("No module named 'tests.settings'")`, you may also add the project root directory to the `PYTHON_PATH` environment variable:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you get a `ModuleNotFoundError("No module named 'tests.settings'")`, you can work around the issue by adding the project root directory to the `PYTHON_PATH` environment variable:
```
